<p><u><b>Important:</b></u> This information can be removed and can be replaced by your own startpage. This should contain a table of contents. (When editing a page links can be added via the chain symbol)</p>
<h1>Wiki</h1>
<h2>What is a wiki?</h2>
<p>With wikis users are empowered to edit a document conjointly. The collected information is available for everybody. All changes are recorded and it is possible to revert to any revision any time.</p>
<h2>What offers OpenUSS' wiki?</h2>
<h3>For the participant</h3>
<p>Users have the possibility to create new sites, edit sites, take a look at old versions of the current page, get an overview of all pages in the wiki or printer friendly view of the current page. You can find these options on the right side below &quot;actions&quot;.</p>
<h3>For the lecturer</h3>
<p>The lecturer has got additional permissions in the wiki. He can lock pages for participants, mark site versions as stable which indicates a certified version and import an exstisting wiki from another course.  You can find these options on the right hand side within the &quot;actions&quot; box.</p>
<p>In order to delete sites or site versions permanently the lecturer can find the relevant control elements on the &quot;index&quot; or &quot;show versions&quot; sites.</p>
<h3>Status of Wiki-Sites</h3>
<p><i>Locked</i>: A site can be locked by a lecturer. Participants do not have the permission to edit.</p>
<p><i>Stable</i>: The site is marked as stable by a lecturer. He has reviewed the content and marked it as approved.</p>
<p><i>Deleted</i>: The site was delete by a participant. It is existing, but not shown anymore. Lecturers have the possiblity to delete it permanently.</p>
<h2>How can wikis be used in teachings?</h2>
<p>In the wiki all kind of information can be gathered und supplied. The advantages of a wiki can especially be applied to academic teaching. Students can independently preprocess the contents of the course supporting collaborative learning. Contributions can be of any kind, e.g. short explanations, faqs or complete postprocessings of the lecture.</p>